so I promised that one too
very short insight here from ours
commentators boot from sat 1 gives that
is a gigantic look here with
livestream really just topped by
this is the robert hoffmann look
our production manager still sees
better than the look behind in the
stadium so crawls in a bed
Surprisingly, I operate
during the transfer later too
facebook and twitter
these are our monitors for the fit for
the signal that we accompany
then we press ours
Cooperation is possible now
do not hold so there we sit then
Equally sensational as our table with
the hero again league out it is
really sensational that is outstanding
is that cool because then would be ours
colleagues from the usa the whole yes
the whole
started so own this is the cow
that helps us and that you believed that
I really talk to you afterwards
is the bus again
I'm looking forward to being piggy
this game equals us too
usually a big story
one or the other maybe
registered voice is a bit
It could be different with the buschi because
the braids palate that easily
swollen
climate no idea how that again
has come
but it does not matter now comes the
plug stupid saying therefore I do
at this point very quickly
nice going on what else the back
colleague that's really the madness so
So again the view under the goods
two minutes of impressions here
our commentator book in new jersey
the bed live stream
I'm so hot for this game
see you soon